CHOOSE YOUR LOCATION: NORTH AMERICA EUROPE ASIA PACIFIC
PRODUCTS
BULK INGREDIENTS
RECIPES
ABOUT
BLOG
WHERE TO BUY
Frequently Asked Questions
Where can I find your products?
Can I buy your products directly?
Do you have samples available?
Why are my GIN GINS® dusted with white powder?
Do you have coupons?
Do you have recipes for your products?
What is the shelf life of your products after opening?
My product expired on x date, is it still safe to eat?
Which of your products require refrigeration after opening?
Where is the best before date on your products?
Do any of your products have a risk of cross-contamination from allergens?
Do your products contain sulfites?
Who organically certifies your products?
Are your products all natural?
Do your offer tours of your Marina headquarters?
Do you have any vegetarian and/or vegan-friendly products?
How much ginger is in your products?
BLOG
Why Ginger and Turmeric Are Herbs of the Year

Our two favorite herbs have each received well-deserved recognition. Both ginger and turmeric are being celebrated for their culinary significance, long history of traditional use and a growing body of modern scientific research.

READ MORE
Ginger Sourcing. Why Not Hawaii?

Understanding the Realities of Commercial Production. When people think about the origin of ginger, Hawaii often comes to mind. With its lush climate and volcanic soil, it’s a place that seems ideal for growing tropical crops. But when it comes to commercial ginger production, Hawaii grows only a small amount of ginger compared to the rest of the world.

READ MORE
Boost Your GLP-1 Naturally: The Power of Ginger & Turmeric

If you’re on GLP-1 medications or looking for natural ways to support your body’s GLP-1 levels, you’re not alone. But did you know that two common cooking spices you likely have in your kitchen right now —ginger and turmeric—could play a role in this journey? Let’s explore how these powerful spices may help.

READ MORE
LEARN MORE

Our Story
FAQ
Contact Us
Wholesale & Trade
Privacy Policy

YOUR #1 SOURCE

For ginger and turmeric products - made easy, healthy and delicious.

FOLLOW US
Join the Ginger Lovers Club

Sign up for our newsletter and get subscriber-only discounts, early access to new flavors and our latest recipes made especially for ginger lovers.

 