CHOOSE YOUR LOCATION: NORTH AMERICA EUROPE ASIA PACIFIC
PRODUCTS
BULK INGREDIENTS
RECIPES
ABOUT
BLOG
WHERE TO BUY
GINGER & TURMERIC JUICES
NEXT
US 90171 Turmeric Juice 8oz
90171_FijiTurmericJuice_1_1000px
90171_FijiTurmericJuice_3_1000px
Turmeric Juice Smoothie Bowl-3 1000px
Ginger Turmeric Juice 237ml Group 1000px

FIJI TURMERIC JUICE
(1 reviews)
Write a Review

Turmeric, a vibrant member of the ginger family, is valued for its color, versatility and wellness benefits. Our turmeric juice makes it easy to enjoy daily, using a juicing method designed to preserve turmeric’s naturally occurring active compounds, earthy flavor and brilliant color in every sip. 

99% turmeric juice
Made from fresh Fiji turmeric (Curcuma longa), not from concentrate
No sugar or water added
Convenient – ready to use
Use in place of fresh turmeric
Shoot straight or create detox tonics, flavor water, smoothies, kombucha, tea, chai and golden milk
Flavor grains, rice, curry, soups and stews
Concoct vibrant turmeric cocktails
Non-GMO | Gluten Free | Vegan | Kosher
No artificial ingredients
Warning: Turmeric’s incredible color is a natural dye and stains surfaces and hands alike

Voted “Best New Product” by Your Healthy Living UK Awards

PRODUCT DETAILS
NUTRITIONAL INFO
	
MEET POPPY KNOBS

Vibrant, wild and full of energy, Poppy Knobs is known for his sunny disposition. He’s our rise-and-shine guy who knows how to savour the moment, look on the bright side and drink in all the pleasures life has to offer.

REVIEWS

Your products have been a godsend!
Lorraine
05/03/2024

I am writing to thank you for your amazing products. I broke my ankle 7 weeks ago. Somehow, a few weeks after surgeryShow more

BLOG
Why Ginger and Turmeric Are Herbs of the Year

Our two favorite herbs have each received well-deserved recognition. Both ginger and turmeric are being celebrated for their culinary significance, long history of traditional use and a growing body of modern scientific research.

READ MORE
Ginger Sourcing. Why Not Hawaii?

Understanding the Realities of Commercial Production. When people think about the origin of ginger, Hawaii often comes to mind. With its lush climate and volcanic soil, it’s a place that seems ideal for growing tropical crops. But when it comes to commercial ginger production, Hawaii grows only a small amount of ginger compared to the rest of the world.

READ MORE
Boost Your GLP-1 Naturally: The Power of Ginger & Turmeric

If you’re on GLP-1 medications or looking for natural ways to support your body’s GLP-1 levels, you’re not alone. But did you know that two common cooking spices you likely have in your kitchen right now —ginger and turmeric—could play a role in this journey? Let’s explore how these powerful spices may help.

READ MORE
LEARN MORE

Our Story
FAQ
Contact Us
Wholesale & Trade
Privacy Policy

YOUR #1 SOURCE

For ginger and turmeric products – made easy, healthy and delicious.

FOLLOW US
Join the Ginger Lovers Club

Sign up for our newsletter and get subscriber-only discounts, early access to new flavors and our latest recipes made especially for ginger lovers.

 