CHOOSE YOUR LOCATION: NORTH AMERICA EUROPE ASIA PACIFIC
PRODUCTS
BULK INGREDIENTS
RECIPES
ABOUT
BLOG
WHERE TO BUY
GINGER PANTRY – BAKING
NEXT
90141_CrystallizedGingerChips_v2_500px
90141_CrystallizedGingerChips_4_1000px
90141_CrystallizedGingerChips_2_1000px
90141_CrystallizedGingerChips_3_1000px
Slide
CRYSTALLIZED GINGER CHIPS
(9 reviews)
Write a Review

Every home chef should have this creative, recipe-ready ingredient in their pantry. Amazingly versatile, use these chips in place of chocolate chips, nuts or dried fruit in nearly all baking recipes. 

Add to cookie or quick-bread dough, carrot cake and fruit cobblers
Sprinkle into oatmeal, granola, toss into pancake batter
Add sparkle to fruit salads
Brighten roasted carrots, sweet potatoes and beets
Drop into a warm cup of tea
Best-ever Ultimate Chewy Ginger Snap recipe on pack
Non-GMO | Gluten Free | Vegan | Kosher
Sustainably farmed ginger
No artificial ingredients
Buy online or find it near baking ingredients in the grocery aisle
PRODUCT DETAILS
NUTRITIONAL INFO
	
MEET BAKER KNOBS

Blessed with a sense of creative flair, Baker Knobs is indispensable in the kitchen, particularly when it comes to pitching in to whip up a batch of our favorite cookies. Baker Knobs makes everything go down effortlessly. A perfect house guest, he’s ever helpful and always smells good.

REVIEWS

Crystallized Ginger Chips
Kae Ellingsen
10/23/2024

Crystallized Ginger Chips make THE BEST ginger snaps using the recipe on the package!! People have raved about how good they taste!

fantastic
NANCY
01/14/2024

So perfect for so many uses. Salads, granolas, cookies, asian dishes. Highly recommend! Difficult to find so buy several when you do.

Crystallized Ginger Chips
M.
09/20/2020

These are so strong they saved me from getting worse (the flu, possibly Covid-19) in March 2020. I ate them by theShow more

Crystallized Ginger Chips
OrthodoxBaker
05/07/2020

I like these crystallized ginger chips VERY much for baking! I just removed from the oven a “basic” cake which IShow more

Crystallized Ginger Chips
sweet 70;'s
04/22/2020

I am totally addicted to these chips!!! I put them on my cereal, in trail mix, in ice cream, in soups, in saucesShow more

Site Reviews navigation
1 2 Next

BLOG
Why Ginger and Turmeric Are Herbs of the Year

Our two favorite herbs have each received well-deserved recognition. Both ginger and turmeric are being celebrated for their culinary significance, long history of traditional use and a growing body of modern scientific research.

READ MORE
Ginger Sourcing. Why Not Hawaii?

Understanding the Realities of Commercial Production. When people think about the origin of ginger, Hawaii often comes to mind. With its lush climate and volcanic soil, it’s a place that seems ideal for growing tropical crops. But when it comes to commercial ginger production, Hawaii grows only a small amount of ginger compared to the rest of the world.

READ MORE
Boost Your GLP-1 Naturally: The Power of Ginger & Turmeric

If you’re on GLP-1 medications or looking for natural ways to support your body’s GLP-1 levels, you’re not alone. But did you know that two common cooking spices you likely have in your kitchen right now —ginger and turmeric—could play a role in this journey? Let’s explore how these powerful spices may help.

READ MORE
LEARN MORE

Our Story
FAQ
Contact Us
Wholesale & Trade
Privacy Policy

YOUR #1 SOURCE

For ginger and turmeric products – made easy, healthy and delicious.

FOLLOW US
Join the Ginger Lovers Club

Sign up for our newsletter and get subscriber-only discounts, early access to new flavors and our latest recipes made especially for ginger lovers.

 